README.md, before:

# ExamTopics Data Miner

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/matteo-campana/examtopics-data-miner)](LICENSE)
[![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.6%2B-blue)](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/matteo-campana/examtopics-data-miner)](https://github.com/matteo-campana/examtopics-data-miner/issues)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/matteo-campana/examtopics-data-miner)](https://github.com/matteo-campana/examtopics-data-miner/stargazers)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/matteo-campana/examtopics-data-miner)](https://github.com/matteo-campana/examtopics-data-miner/network)

This repository contains a data miner for ExamTopics, a website that provides exam dumps and study materials for various IT certifications. The data miner is designed to scrape exam questions, answers, and other relevant information from the ExamTopics website. The data is then stored in a structured Markdown format for further analysis or use in creating study materials.

## ✨ Features

- Extract exam questions and answers from ExamTopics HTML
- Process multiple question formats
- Extract correct answers and explanations
- Generate clean Markdown output
- Support for various certification exams

## 🚀 Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/matteo-campana/examtopics-data-miner.git

# Navigate to the project directory
cd examtopics-data-miner

# Install dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

📖 Usage
Place your HTML files in the data directory and run the parser:

```python
python -m src.main
```

The parsed results will be available in the output directory.

📄 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

⚠️ Disclaimer
This tool is provided for educational purposes only. Always respect website terms of service and copyright restrictions when using web scraping tools.

## 📊 GitHub Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=matteo-campana/examtopics-data-miner&type=Date)](https://star-history.com/#matteo-campana/examtopics-data-miner)

>Note: The actual badges and star graph will only work when this repository is properly hosted on GitHub with the correct username and repository name. You may need to adjust the URLs to match your actual GitHub repository path.Note: The actual badges and star graph will only work when this repository is properly hosted on GitHub with the correct username and repository name. You may need to adjust the URLs to match your actual GitHub repository path.

Commit message:

Add usage manual for ExamTopics Data Miner with detailed instructions

README.md, after:

# ExamTopics Data Miner

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/matteo-campana/examtopics-data-miner)](LICENSE)
[![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.6%2B-blue)](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/matteo-campana/examtopics-data-miner)](https://github.com/matteo-campana/examtopics-data-miner/issues)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/matteo-campana/examtopics-data-miner)](https://github.com/matteo-campana/examtopics-data-miner/stargazers)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/matteo-campana/examtopics-data-miner)](https://github.com/matteo-campana/examtopics-data-miner/network)

This repository contains a data miner for ExamTopics, a website that provides exam dumps and study materials for various IT certifications. The data miner is designed to scrape exam questions, answers, and other relevant information from the ExamTopics website. The data is then stored in a structured Markdown format for further analysis or use in creating study materials.

## ✨ Features

- Extract exam questions and answers from ExamTopics HTML
- Process multiple question formats
- Extract correct answers and explanations
- Generate clean Markdown output
- Support for various certification exams

## 🚀 Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/matteo-campana/examtopics-data-miner.git

# Navigate to the project directory
cd examtopics-data-miner

# Install dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## 📖 Usage

See the [USAGE.md](USAGE.md) manual for detailed instructions.

Place your HTML files in the data directory and run the parser:

```python
python -m src.main
```

The parsed results will be available in the output directory.

📄 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

⚠️ Disclaimer
This tool is provided for educational purposes only. Always respect website terms of service and copyright restrictions when using web scraping tools.

## 📊 GitHub Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=matteo-campana/examtopics-data-miner&type=Date)](https://star-history.com/#matteo-campana/examtopics-data-miner)

>Note: The actual badges and star graph will only work when this repository is properly hosted on GitHub with the correct username and repository name. You may need to adjust the URLs to match your actual GitHub repository path.Note: The actual badges and star graph will only work when this repository is properly hosted on GitHub with the correct username and repository name. You may need to adjust the URLs to match your actual GitHub repository path.
